hey guys this is MTB flyers and yes I'm
the idiot that through an ipad mini off
the roof of my work but i got a video on
tldtoday how cool is that alright guys
so let's get to the real reason why
we're here tonight we are revisiting the
zagg invisible shield they were nice
enough to send this out to me to try
again you remember my last video it was
just god-awful it didn't line up right I
didn't like the way it looked and it
just it was bad so zag stepped up and
send me out a full body kit this time to
try out front and back now it still has
the bad cutouts that I do not like but I
cannot get over that so we'll just move
on and I'll show you guys the correct
way to install this and hopefully have a
better experience so let's skip ahead to
the good part
alright guys so here it is we did the
front and we did the back now it does
have the same cut out that I do not like
on the top and on the bottom now the
bottom I can live with because it just I
don't know it's just a little bit more
appealing now the whole idea for this I
guess is the case is fit better I don't
know at the top here when I first did
this I tried to line up these sides and
that's not the point they have this side
open here to actually line up so the
sensors can shine through um I still
don't see the point of that because now
it just looks crooked up here the way
you have it I other screen shields just
go over that and they just have a small
cut out for the camera and the earpiece
I don't know the reason why I've asked
and it's really not just the clear
answer all around so real quick let me
just show you the install that I do here
and again this is a wet install of this
is the first time you're seeing this and
I will show you guys the front here of
course you get your stuff set up you
wash your hands very important spray a
generous portion of the solution on the
back of the screen shield that will be
sticking to the phone you do not need to
spray your phone but you do need to turn
it off just in case so generously apply
to the back of the screen shield you lay
it down now what's nice about a wet
install is that you can actually move it
around the device you can take it off
spray a little bit more on if you don't
like it put it back on and line it up
pretty well so like I said this does
line up a little bit weird you you have
to line it up to the left side so more
is showing on the left side of your
speaker as you look at the phone and the
right side is going to be a little bit
closer so we've actually got this lined
up pretty well and we're going to go
ahead and push the bubbles out and the
solution that's underneath this now this
is going to look bad for about 24 to 48
hours and they do suggest to try to
leave your phone off for 24 hours if
possible and you know settle all that up
get all the bubbles out and hopefully
you have a pretty good install on that
so pretty straightforward right guys and
I'm kind of happy with the way that it
lined up I i I'm still bothered by the
cutouts and I again I don't know how
we're going to get around that maybe
it'll be clear enough that I won't see
it and I won't bother but they do have
this cut a little bit short around the
sides in the top and the corners to
allow for cases that kind of fold over
the top of the phone and give you some
more lay on the table protection there
all right so we're going to change it
over to the back here i'm going to show
you guys how this is all set up now they
do have a complete piece on the back and
it is just a cutout l at the top for
your camera your speaker and your flash
again you know you you probably could
have cut that out separately and done
that but you know what's the back of
your phone I'm okay with that it least
it's nice and tight up to the top here
the line lines up with the top of your
phone and it does sharply kick up there
but same thing here they did go a little
bit shorter on the sides now I think
this is a wet install it just seemed
like it was kind of sliding around a
little bit too much and I kind of got
some dust underneath here but I'm not is
concerned about the back because most
likely I'll be you know having a bumper
case on here and won't be seeing a whole
lot of it but you see here we line it up
and it just kind of moves around a
little bit and you know maybe a little
bit nervous I'm like well should I have
said I don't know what install but
there's no indication that you do not do
a wet install in the back here and again
it is cut a little bit short around the
edges much like the front so you're able
to put a slider case on and have a
little bit more room previously when we
did the back screen shield install for
the SGP around the apple logo and the
word iphone at the bottom those are
raised ever so slightly on the phone and
you kind of saw how it stuck up a little
bit there and didn't quite former on
there with the dry install well you can
see here at the wet install it does a
much better job on that so you know that
that turned out a little bit better now
eventually that screen shield did sit
down for me all my sgp but it did take a
little bit but here you see it just kind
of conforms right to and looks a lot
better right off the bat alright guys so
that is my quick install overall you
know i'm always satisfied with the
way their screen shields go on from zagg
and again it doesn't need to be stated
but you know the cutouts it just I can't
get over the cutouts I'm sorry just
doesn't happen for the price that you
pay for these I think over thirty
dollars for this extreme HD kit I I
think aesthetically you got to give me a
reason why this is like this and you
know it's got to be good enough reason
other than you don't want solution
getting in to the speakers you don't
want I don't know I've heard things as
this has a lifetime warranty protection
on it so you could take it in and get it
replaced this makes yours there's look a
little different than everybody else's
so you just can't come in with one and
go oh look my screen shows damage fix it
for free because other people don't
offer lifetime warranties I've heard
that as an explanation you know easier
install cases fitting around that I
don't know how that could be but those
are some of the things that I heard I
can only make my own opinion other than
the fact that I don't like the way it
looks because I've seen other screen
shields that don't do that and function
wise it's fine i don't know i don't know
maybe you guys know something more than
i do you want to comment down below who
knows so guys that is it i will be back
and give you an update on what this
looks like later this week in one of my
other videos will just kind of pop in
and i'll show you real quick but if you
want to buy this product we got the
links down below if it's on the amazon
store through my associate account if
you want to support the channel please
click on that obviously if i find that
less i will post it where it is but
again you can support the channel by
buying through my amazon account and
allow me to buy more stuff a new ipad we
won't talk about that so guys that is it
for me you have a great night and a
great weekend and i will talk to you
later see ya
you